hi welcome to show me the car come I'm
hit oh I'm Anita and today we're going
to show you how to make a very popular
dish to turn our chicken which is from
the southern part of India part of Tamil
Nadu a couple of steps involved first
we're gonna dry roast a lot of our
spices to really bring out the aroma and
the flavor of these spices so we have a
pan heating up here on medium heat
medium to low heat and we're going to be
dry roasting and anytime you're dry
roasting avoid nonstick stick to
something which is heavy bottomed and
not nonstick so first goes in this is
about an inch and a half piece of
cinnamon we're just gonna break it down
so it all cooks evenly with three whole
green cardamoms 4 cloves about 7 to 8
red chilies depending on how spicy you
like it and how spicy - these are
absolutely so are some are not very
spicy and some hearts are using the few
of this and a few of that just so that
you get the color the flavor and a
little bit of spice but not you know
ourselves and I just broke them down
again it releases a lot of the seeds
from inside and flavors everything if 1
and 1/2 teaspoons of cumin seeds 1 and
1/2 teaspoons of fennel seed 2 teaspoon
of coriander seed and 1 table spoon of
poppy seeds or khuskhus you're going to
mix it and we're going to keep stirring
it
as soon as it reaches a nice golden
color we're gonna add half a cup of
coconut this is fresh coconut with your
little shredded now we're going to cook
this or keep roasting it and it's still
on low we're gonna keep roasting it till
the coconut gets a little bit of a color
and it basically kind of gets a little
dehydrated so this looks done it so kind
of dehydrate it and that's going to turn
off the stove transfer it and allow it
to cool down and meanwhile start working
on the next step
there our masala that we dry roasted has
cooled down to the touch it's not hot
anymore and we have a grinder here we're
gonna take this masala and grind it into
a smooth paste and we're gonna use a
little bit of water and one of those
doing that so we have over here a large
skillet now you want a big enough but it
has to be able to use to accommodate
everything we are making a bigger amount
this time so here we have three
tablespoons of oil and let's check and
make sure of its what okay then add one
large onion finely chopped
and I'm just gonna add a little bit of
salt just to speed up the process and
you're gonna cook it till the onions get
a little translucent and while I'm
grinding this masala I'm just gonna add
a little bit of water at a time you
don't want to add too much or it kind of
prevents the grinding from happening I'm
starting with about 1/4 cup
the onions are done they look Brown and
ready we're ready for 1 tablespoon of
minced garlic 1 tablespoon of minced
ginger and half a teaspoon of turmeric
powder we also have a few sprigs of
curry leaves and a little extra really
tastes good in this recipe and you're
just gonna cook it for a minute and are
we ready for the feast now we let the
dry roasted spices cool down completely
and then use the spice grinder to grind
it down and we have to use about half a
cup of water to help us in the grinding
process so it's finely ground into a
paste we're going to add it in
and one teaspoon of red chili powder
and it's just gonna cook it for just
another minute more now sharing that
food is known for a lot of flavor and
also a lot of fight oh you know there's
a lot of places where you can cut back
and you can still get the flavor so
don't be scared of that aspect of the
dish coconut there so that also utilizes
the effect of the chilies and we're
ready to add two large tomatoes chopped
and basically just cook it till the oil
separates and we're gonna cook it
uncovered so our masala mixture I've
cooked down quite a bit and the oil is
kind of leaving the site we're ready to
add our chicken we're using
approximately two and a half pounds of
boneless skinless chicken thighs but
it's completely up to you whether you
want to have boned or non bone or any
other parts of the chicken
I'm Nick
so mix it well and we're just gonna
allow you to cook for about five minutes
on medium heat itself so it's been five
minutes and we've been stirring in
between just to make sure nothing gets
burned all our hard work doesn't go to
having the color is amazing and the
aroma and my god so now is a perfect
time to add your salt add a little bit
we also had at in the beginning are in
the onions so just keep that in mind and
we're gonna squeeze some fresh lime this
is to taste and I'm just gonna mix it
and we're gonna add about between two
and three cups of water depending on the
consistency that we want so we're gonna
start with two and if we need more we'll
add it I'm just gonna add a little bit
into my spice grinder so I don't waste
any of that yummy spice don't freak out
it's going to pick it up the gravy's
gonna get thicker and it also it'll
evaporate a little bit and you want to
have the option of having the rice or
chapatti actually tastes very good with
dosa and interesting it and once it's
mixed we'll cover and we're gonna cook
this for approximately 20 to 25 minutes
but basically until the chicken is
tender it's been 20 minutes our chicken
looks fantastic we just kind of broke a
piece over here it says it broke really
easily so it means extender and it's
ready to go
and also we checked on the salt in the
spice level and everything again it was
perfect end up quite a bit you notice
all the the watery stuff has gone out
and
nice smooth gravy be perfect on rice and
right before serving as always we're
gonna garnish with a few coriander or
cilantro leaves and it will be ready to
serve
so enjoy your chettinad chicken and join
us again another sort of show me the
crack on adding a pinch of spice to your
life